additional deployment guides (#172)
hypha-space/hypha: docs/content/deploy/amd_gpu_worker.md

curl -fsSL https://github.com/hypha-space/hypha/releases/download/v<VERSION>/install.sh | sh
```

### 2.2 Configuration

First, upload your node certificates (`cert.pem`, `key.pem`, and `ca.pem`) to `/etc/hypha/certs/`. Then, initialize a base configuration file using `hypha-worker init`, specifying a name for your worker, the gateway's multiaddr, and the designated work directory.

```bash
hypha-worker init \
  -n amd-worker-1 \
  --gateway <GATEWAY_MULTIADDR> \
  --work-dir /mnt/data/work
```

After generating `config.toml`, you must adjust the resources to reflect the MI300X's capabilities. Critically, configure the executor for ROCm.

**Resources:**

```toml
[resources]
cpu = 20
memory = 240   # GB
gpu = 192      # GB (MI300X)
storage = 5000 # GB (Scratch Disk)
```

**Executor Configuration (ROCm):**

Within the `[[executors]]` block for `diloco-transformer`, explicitly set the `[rocm64]` variant. This ensures `uv` installs the correct PyTorch/ROCm compatible packages.

```toml
[[executors]]
class = "train"
name = "diloco-transformer"
runtime = "process"
cmd = "uv"
args = [
    "run",
    "--python", "3.12",
    "--no-project",

>     "--with", "'hypha-accelerate-executor[rocm64] @ https://github.com/hypha-space/hypha/releases/download/v<VERSION>/hypha_accelerate_executor-<VERSION without semver channel or metadata>-py3-none-any.whl'",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "--with", "hypha-accelerate-executor[rocm64] @ https://github.com/hypha-space/hypha/releases/download/v<VERSION>/hypha_accelerate_executor-<VERSION without semver channel or metadata>-py3-none-any.whl",
```
